Hey, it's actually a Meyer designer?
Hasn't he already retired?
It can't be fake. It has to be fake.
Do you need me to find someone to identify it?
That's enough!
Have a nice family dinner
You guys are making noise here
Like what?
Grandpa obviously doesn't believe in Lord Zhou Xiao Food God
But it doesn't matter.
As long as grandpa doesn't get impulsive with him
What grandpa said is
Family dinners really shouldn't be noisy
Grandpa, I heard that you like Nanhai Buddha beads.
I specially learned a string for you
Hope you like it.
Okay, okay, or are you the sweetest?
kid
It doesn't matter if you are the king of side by side once or not
We all took out our gifts today
You came to the family banquet as the fiancé of the second sister
You can't take nothing, can you?
Humph him
What good things can he come up with?
This is my gift.
Wine of the Gods